well this is a real first for me I've
never had a scholar Pender centipede on
my hand before it's a little bit
nerve-racking but I guess like all
animals it's just a question of letting
them feel that they're not restrained
that they can go where they want to go
and hopefully you don't get bitten
please don't prove me wrong that's great
thank you stay still and you'll be
falling now I don't scare easy but I
have to say at this point that the
thought of a pain like white-hot needles
as this critter bites me does make me a
little bit panicky he's gonna go now he
said that right underneath my watch this
is rubbish
all right out he comes okay listen I
think I've danced with definitely long
enough he's going back go on there you
go thank you so much for not biting me